desserts/chocolate-chip-cookies.md, before:

# I-spent-way-too-much-time-creating-these chocolate chip cookies

## Storytime

How did I come to this recipe?
Quarantine did things to some people. Some... got swole. Others... picked up hobbies. Me?.... I was bored and turned to the one thing that never failed me in my life... chocolate chip cookies.


## **Ingredients**
* 1 cup butter (2 sticks)
* 2 tbsp heavy cream
* 400-450 grams unbleached all purpose flour
* 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
* 1 teaspoon salt
* 2 tablespoon milk powder
* 1 1/2 cup (276 grams)  brown sugar
* 1/4 cup (54 grams) white sugar
* 1/4 cup (100 grams) maple syrup
* 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
* 2 large eggs
* 2 egg yolks
* CHOCOLATE - however much and whatever kind of chocolate your heart desires (I use a mix of semi-sweet and dark)

## **Instructions**

1. BROWN YO BUTTER. Once browned (and the water has boiled out), turn off heat, mix in the heavy cream (be prepared for it to foam up... mix like your life depends on it). 
Set it aside until it's a solid at room temperature (chilling in the fridge until it's solid enough works, or rest it overnight)
2. While cooling, in a separate bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, salt, and milk powder
3. Once butter is a solid at room temperature, add brown and white sugar and cream until combined. 
4. Add maple syrup, vanilla, eggs, and combine.
5. Incorporate flour a little at a time, not adding more until previous bit fully combine.
7. Once all of the flour is just about to be combined, stop.
8. If using chocolate baking bars, chop them up into chunks. If chips or other form, then no extra steps.
9. At this point, add in the chocolate to the cookie dough and mix, which should finish incorporating the flour.
10. Let cookie dough rest/chill in the fridge for a bit.
11. Take cookie dough out of the fridge, and start forming the cookie dough into tall balls of preferred thiccness (if 'Fro feels a disturbance in the force, you're doing it properly)
12. For *optimal* flavor, we will want to let them rest in the fridge longer... put them in a plastic bag or some other container and put them in the fridge. If you want to only bake them in small batches, you can place them in the freezer.
13. If you're impatient (or it's been at least a day), pre-heat the oven to 350 degrees. 
14. Place cookie dough on baking trays layed with parchment paper. 
15. Depending on size of cookie dough, time may vary (especially if cooking from frozen). For 'normal' size, then 12-15 minutes. If you're a sane person who likes dummy thicc cookies, then probably at least 20. If unsure, cookie until golden around edges and you get a clean poke with a toothpick. 
16. Once down, place cookies on a cooling rack to cool. Or eat while still hot. I ain't gonna tell you how you live your life.

Commit message:

Add oven temperature if cooking larger cookies

desserts/chocolate-chip-cookies.md, after:

# I-spent-way-too-much-time-creating-these chocolate chip cookies

## Storytime

How did I come to this recipe?
Quarantine did things to some people. Some... got swole. Others... picked up hobbies. Me?.... I was bored and turned to the one thing that never failed me in my life... chocolate chip cookies.


## **Ingredients**
* 1 cup butter (2 sticks)
* 2 tbsp heavy cream
* 400-450 grams unbleached all purpose flour
* 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
* 1 teaspoon salt
* 2 tablespoon milk powder
* 1 1/2 cup (276 grams)  brown sugar
* 1/4 cup (54 grams) white sugar
* 1/4 cup (100 grams) maple syrup
* 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
* 2 large eggs
* 2 egg yolks
* CHOCOLATE - however much and whatever kind of chocolate your heart desires (I use a mix of semi-sweet and dark)

## **Instructions**

1. BROWN YO BUTTER. Once browned (and the water has boiled out), turn off heat, mix in the heavy cream (be prepared for it to foam up... mix like your life depends on it). 
Set it aside until it's a solid at room temperature (chilling in the fridge until it's solid enough works, or rest it overnight)
2. While cooling, in a separate bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, salt, and milk powder
3. Once butter is a solid at room temperature, add brown and white sugar and cream until combined. 
4. Add maple syrup, vanilla, eggs, and combine.
5. Incorporate flour a little at a time, not adding more until previous bit fully combine.
7. Once all of the flour is just about to be combined, stop.
8. If using chocolate baking bars, chop them up into chunks. If chips or other form, then no extra steps.
9. At this point, add in the chocolate to the cookie dough and mix, which should finish incorporating the flour.
10. Let cookie dough rest/chill in the fridge for a bit.
11. Take cookie dough out of the fridge, and start forming the cookie dough into tall balls of preferred thiccness (if 'Fro feels a disturbance in the force, you're doing it properly)
12. For *optimal* flavor, we will want to let them rest in the fridge longer... put them in a plastic bag or some other container and put them in the fridge. If you want to only bake them in small batches, you can place them in the freezer.
13. If you're impatient (or it's been at least a day), pre-heat the oven to 350 degrees. If you're wanting to make larger cookies, preheat to 400. 
14. Place cookie dough on baking trays layed with parchment paper. 
15. Depending on size of cookie dough, time may vary (especially if cooking from frozen). For 'normal' size, then 12-15 minutes. If you're a sane person who likes dummy thicc cookies, then it'll be 10-15 minutes with the oven at 400 degrees. If unsure, cookie until golden around edges and you get a clean poke with a toothpick. 
16. Once down, place cookies on a cooling rack to cool. Or eat while still hot. I ain't gonna tell you how you live your life.
